i'm on my way to a local maasai village
to understand how they're coping with
the dry season but also to understand
how they're interacting with the
wildlife
hi ella hello nice to meet you hi
is this your family or yeah
how important are the cows
and the goats to you
[Music]
and so which other animals might be
coming in
[Music]
two of the most important things to the
maasai are cattle
and water they're trying to avoid
predators getting
in to their animals they're trying to
avoid their animals getting out
and they're trying to protect their
water and yet they're sharing it
with not just their own animals but
these other animals that are coming in
as well
including massive elephants
the elephants are so big and they drink
so much water
and that's your main water wasabo
joseph was just talking about how they
will sometimes go for two days
without water in this heat because
they're competing with elephants
and i hadn't quite appreciated the
extent of that problem
i came out about thinking that joseph
was actually a hero
because it would be so easy for him to
just feel resentment
and competition towards these animals
but you saw how
specific he was and how precise he was
about look
these animals we've always lived with
them and if i saw anyone
hunting them i would call a ranger i
i think it takes an incredible attitude
to
to think like that
[Music]
you